and every year on the date of the
accident it runs again as a warning to
others plunging into the gap shrieking
like a lost soul Percy what are you
talking about the ghost train driver saw
it last night were asked Thomas and Toby
he didn't say boo it makes my wheels
wobble to think of it ha said Thomas
you're just a silly little engine I'm
not scared
Thomas didn't believe in your ghost said
Percy next morning his driver left
neither do i it was a pretend ghost on
television Percy was disappointed that
evening he came back from the harbor
Percy knew where he was even in the dark
those fog crossing we shall belong now
he likes running at night rails home
signal lights on green
but a broken cartload of lime lay ahead
Sam the farmer had just gone for help
there's he broke the car to smithereens
lime flew everywhere he puffed quickly
to the nearest signal box Percy's driver
explained what had happened I'll see to
it said the signalman but you'd better
clean Percy or people will think he's a
ghost Percy chuckled do let's pretend
I'm a ghost and scare Thomas that'll
teach him to say I'm a silly little
engine Toby promised to help
Thomas was being goes up for his evening
train Percy's had an accident cried Toby
poor engine said Thomas
father raishin that means I'll be late
they've cleared the line for you but
there's something worse out with it Toby
I can't wait all evening I've just seen
something said Toby it looked like
Percy's ghost it said it was was coming
here to to warn us huh who cares
don't be frightened Toby I'll take care
of you let me let me well Percy no no
not by the smoke of my chimney Jim Jim
I'll chuck pan out pop and I'll break
your door in
oh dear
exclaimed Thomas it's getting late oh I
had no idea oh I must find Annie and
Clarabel it was morning when Thomas
returned where have you been asked Toby
ah well said Thomas I knew you'd be sad
about Percy and I am I didn't like to
intrude I slept in the good shed and oh
sorry can't stop got to see a coach
about a train Percy was none the worse
for his adventure and was still enjoying
himself enormous Lea he had heard
everything well well well what do you
know about that anyone would think
chuckle Toby but our Thomas had just
seen a ghost
you